Welcome to ResCom 2017.
We will now Analyse Results in several ways.
We can do this, follwing 3 small steps.


Step 1: File Conversion

We first need to convert the PDF and Excel files to .txt format.
This is required because once we have results in .txt format, we can update changes of
Make-Up Examinations, any corrections and anything else can be made to these.


Convert your PDF file to .txt format using this online convertor:
http://www.zamzar.com/convert/pdf-to-txt/

Convert your Excel file to .txt format using this online convertor:
http://www.zamzar.com/convert/xls-to-txt/
This will take only 3-4 minutes.

Now in this conversion process, an Email ID is asked to send the converted files to.
It is recommended to use this:

ID: dsceconvertfiles@gmail.com
Password: convertfiles

You can convert 10 files at a time, choosing them one by one by clicking on
'Choose File' button, but it is recommended you covert about 4-5 at a time, as otherwise
the process is slow.
Also note that these converted files remain in your email ID for only 24 hours.

The advantage of this is that everybody can convert files to a common email ID and download
each other's converted files.

Save these files in a convenient location.

Note: The Section Student List file doesnt have to be converted, you can just copy paste it onto a notepad file
and save it, but still if you prefer converting, you can do so.
In your Section Student List File, you need to make sure that it only contains a single class' details and
the details must have proper table headings - "USN" , "NAME" , and any more if required.



Step 2: Path Insertion (Only One Time Step)

We now need to enter the path location of only the FOLDER in which the files have been downloaded.
This is to be done only the first time you run the software. Next time you can just use "Use Paths from previous Run"
option to directly import those paths.

Now, if your system has E: Drive then the 'deafult drive' is chosen as E: Drive, or else D: Drive is chosen.
A 'ResCom Setup' file will be created in your default drive. Do not move or delete this file.
If you do so by mistake or if you want to change the paths, just re-submit your paths like in your first time.
In case you do not have E: and D: drives, you can use any other drive, but you will not be able to save those paths,
they must be entered everytime you use the software.

Make sure the Path you enter is only the FOLDER path,
Eg- D:\ResCom\Files\ - follow the exact same format. Do not add any file names in these paths.
If you use C: Drive you must make sure to use folders which third party application have permission to access.

You can also use the 'Default Paths' for which just create a folder called 'ResCom' in your 'default drive' and
then use that option for Path Setup. 

Step 3: Run

Update Result File
You can update an old Result file with new file of students with changed grades after Make-up Exams, Fast Track, etc.
Enter Old File and New File names without extension, then enter subject codes of those subjects whose grades have
to be updated and a merged updated file will be created in your Output Path.

Result Analysis
There are different ways to run Result Analysis - Sectionwise, Branchwise, Subjectwise.
You will be asked to enter the following details:

Details - here you input whatever details you want displayed with your output, for your understanding. For example,
	  when you want to run Section-wise Result Analysis, you can enter 'Teacher Name - Section - SubCode'
	  when you want to run Branch-wise Result Analysis, you can enter 'Branch HOD Name - Branch Name'.
          when you want to run Subject-wise Result Analysis, you can enter 'Section/Branches names'.
Basically, anything that you want displayed in your output.

Class File - When you want to run Section-wise Result Analysis, you enter Student list class file name without extension.
	     When you want to run Branch-wise Result Analysis, you just put a dash '-'.

Branch File - When you want to run Section-wise Result Analysis, Enter the branch file names of the branches in
	      that class separated by commas.
	      When you want to run Branch-wise Result Analysis, you can enter just the specific branch result file name
	      without extension. Make sure you only enter one branch at a time. No comma separated list is accepted here.

Output File - This will be the name of the 3 Output files that will be generated at your output path.
	      Enter this name without any extension.

Subject Code - Enter all the Subject codes which have to be considered for the Result Analysis separated by commas.
	       A tip to do this is just copy paste all Sub Code headings from the PDF converted .txt file to the input
	       box, then put commas in between.

After completion, you can run this again for a new Section/Subject/for Make Up Results Analysis/etc and all results
will be continously added to the table and output file.


Troubleshooting

If the Software doesn't generate output, check if:
- Correct File Paths have been entered (of only the folder).
- Correct File Names have been entered.
- Correct Syntax has been followed as explained above.
- Files have details in the correct syntax as mentioned above.

For any other queries contact me at - mehulpoddar@gmail.com

Thank You :)